Hi! I'm a game design document, mainly meant to document the random ideas that my owner has when she's in random places. Here you can find a description of this game, a description of the gameplay involved here, 
a description of the game goals, puzzles, and characters, along with possibly some illustrations, maps, and storylines. 

Suspects:
 Love: Polive's wife, might want his money?
 Pinky: Polive's mom, a known enemy of him, has already been accused of trying to kill him
 Heart: Love's sistr, money?
 ChiChi: His best friend, jealousy that Polive might become her bestie's new bestest bestie?
 Firelight: His daughter, worried that he will get in the way of her friendship with Cinny

 


Clue Locations & Formats:
1. Village House where Polive lived. Small desktop sort of sim where it eventually leads you to the murderer's email, which then prompts you to play a game of 20 questions???
Notes with vague clues as to where to go and what to do?
Merge groups of objects in order to get a final object( maybe connected with line 19?)

Last clue can be one built up where you get random tiles that dont really seem to fit together( maybe a group pic with an arrow pointing to murderer?) and you assemble them to create a pic of the murderer. 


Plotline:
- Having a picnic in nearby woods when a messenger arrives w/ piece of paper. 
- Has pop-up asking for the name
- Newspaper talks about how they hope (you) can solve this mystery aka Polive died in this very remote town, far away from everything and anything with only a small bridge guarded 24/7 being the way out. 
- You get teleported to the city, more of an open exploration game with clues scattered around town, with you having to solve puzzles to find them. 
- Only one chance at guessing the murderer. Afterward, you get killed if u guess it wrong. :)
- The murderer is the one giving clues, often in the form of small little notes scattered in the most random place

Maybe it's all part of a bigger plot? Cliffhanger? Something like The Covenant(aka where theres like a mysterious thing behind why the persons murdered Polive?)
